[1.4] Add release highlights for 1.4.0 (#4135) (#4180)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/release-notes/highlights-1.4.0.asciidoc

[[release-highlights-1.4.0]]
== 1.4.0 release highlights

[float]
[id="{p}-140-new-and-notable"]
=== New and notable

New and notable changes in version 1.4.0 of {n}. See <<release-notes-1.4.0>> for the full list of changes.

[float]
[id="{p}-140-agent-support"]
==== Support for Elastic Agent

> link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/fleet/current/elastic-agent-installation-configuration.html[Elastic Agent] provides a unified way to monitor logs, metrics, and other types of data from your Kubernetes infrastructure quickly and easily. A single Elastic Agent deployment can be used to replace multiple Beats deployments that were previously necessary to collect the different types of data you want to monitor. ECK 1.4.0 introduces experimental support for Elastic Agent in link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/fleet/current/run-elastic-agent-standalone.html[standalone mode] as a technology preview.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/fleet/current/elastic-agent-installation-configuration.html[Elastic Agent] provides a unified way to monitor logs, metrics, and other types of data from your Kubernetes infrastructure quickly and easily. You can use a single Elastic Agent deployment to replace multiple Beats deployments that were previously required to collect the different types of data you want to monitor. ECK 1.4.0 introduces experimental support for Elastic Agent in link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/fleet/current/run-elastic-agent-standalone.html[standalone mode] as a technology preview.
```

Author: This is only the back port PR. We need to make this change in master and back port again, to keep things consistent.
